[Music]
it's been said that a person swallows
about 8 spiders in their sleep every
year while this person should be located
and stopped right now well that story
may or may not be true it's enough to
make me want to swear off sleeping for
the rest of my life or wear a space
helmet to bed but you know it kind of
makes sense spiders like warm dark
places and the inside of your mouth sure
fits that description gross as it sounds
if the story's true it seems to be
mostly harmless but what if it wasn't
what if you swallowed a spider that
wasn't just venomous but the most toxic
spider in the world oh and please please
don't try this at home or at work or the
skating rink or the mall or anywhere
else for that matter
do not eat live venomous spiders was i
clear enough okay
this hairy little monster is known as
the Sydney funnel-web spider or add
tracks robustus if you want to show off
it like way way way too many of planet
Earth's other most dangerous wildlife
hails from the continent of Australia
g'day mate incidentally when exactly did
we decide to make Australia a tourist
destination even their cutest animal the
Koala can have an aggressive side in
kangaroos those overgrown rodents may
look graceful and majestic but their
legs aren't just for hopping it wouldn't
be a vacation for the faint of heart to
say the least well at least with
kangaroos you have to drive deep into
the outback and go out of your way to
make them angry the 8tracks however is
more than willing to do house
their natural habitat may be the
underside of rocks and fallen trees but
the Sydney funnel-web is just as at home
in yours assuming your home is within a
hundred miles of Sydney Australia if not
I have some great news if so well I
guess you could always move the good
news is that up to two inches in length
and notoriously skittish you're unlikely
to swallow one of these by accident I
also have a hard time believing someone
would eat one voluntarily so what would
happen if you chow down on the most
dangerous spider in the world well
that's going to depend on if it's still
up and about when it goes down your
gullet the Sydney funnel-web can hold
its breath for over a day in some cases
surviving underwater for up to 30 hours
with that in mind I wouldn't place any
bets on it running out of air on the way
down in this case your biggest concern
might be the possibility for the spider
to bite you on the way down
a tracks really don't like to be handled
and their fangs are large and powerful
enough to punch a hole in your
fingernail making matters worse like
they could be worse the 8tracks isn't a
bite and run kind of spider it will dig
in its fangs and hold on for the ride
the 8tracks venom is a special kind of
nasty attacking its preys nervous system
symptoms will begin within minutes as
the neurotoxin starts shorting out your
nerves after being bitten your heart
will start beating rapidly as your blood
pressure spikes through the roof this is
followed by breathing trouble muscle
spasms and numbness around the mouth
finally the venom begins to attack the
brain causing disorientation and
eventual loss of consciousness in as
little as 15 minutes after the initial
bite well you know if you were looking
to kick a bucket now's the time
now if the bite is on your foot or hand
you can buy yourself a bit of time by
tying a tourniquet around the injured
limb
once that's done you must seek medical
help immediately you're in for anywhere
from two to twelve injections depending
on the severity of your symptoms huh the
good news is that it'll probably feel
like being poked with a wet noodle
compared to the bite itself wait is that
good news
moving on unfortunately a tourniquet
isn't going to do you any favors if the
bite is inside your throat I suppose it
isn't that strange to want to risk it
all on dangerous foods after all people
will fly across the ocean and spend
thousands of dollars for a single bite
of FUBU fish the meal so hazardous that
the Emperor of Japan is banned from
eating it what about you viewers care to
ride the fugu tsunami they say it's
carefully regulated but I'm not sure I
want to take that chance why don't you
tell me in the comments whether I need
to grow a backbone or if this whole
thing seems a little fishy to you anyway
let's say you manage to wrangle a Sydney
funnel-web into your mouth without
getting bitten what happens then
surprisingly not as much as you might
think a spider is just a tiny cow with
twice the legs and way too many eyes and
fangs I guess and a segmented thorax and
abdomen okay they're not very much like
a cow but you can milk them my point is
that meat is meat as far as your stomach
is concerned and spiders can be digested
just as easily as anything else but what
about the poison it's still in your body
isn't it well first off there's a
difference between poison and venom the
average person may use the terms
interchangeably but that's the kind of
mislabelling that will make a biologist
pull their hair out you should try
saying it in front of one it's very
funny for the record something is
poisonous if you get sick from eating it
and venomous if you get sick from being
bit
there may be a lot of venomous spiders
but no one's ever found one that's
poisonous venom is dangerous if it gets
in your blood but harmless
if swallow although I have no idea why
or how anyone would end up doing so
maybe they found an unlabeled bottle in
a lab somewhere then again they don't
usually let small children into labs and
I can't think of anyone else could
willingly ingest a vial of mysterious
science juice even if our hypothetical
spider muncher happens to have a stomach
ulcer they're probably in the clear your
stomach is basically a big bag full of
hydrochloric acid and the mucus that
keeps it from digesting itself the
former will quickly dissolve all the
proteins in the spider's venom rendering
it inert upon contact hooray
that means any epic dare videos I really
hope we didn't just inspire have a
chance of going smoothly again please
don't do this at home or anywhere else
although there are a few members of your
household that could get away with this
kind of reckless behavior I'm talking
about your dog the animal voted most
likely to eat things that aren't food as
it turns out most mammals are entirely
immune to the 8tracks venom only
invertebrates and primates are
vulnerable anything else gets off with
the equivalent of a bee sting cats dogs
and frogs no problem you me and a monkey
named Pete a trip to the hospital or
worse funnily enough if a beetle gets
bitten it has the opposite effect
instead of having muscle spasms insects
and arachnids will be completely
paralyzed some might take this to mean
that spiders don't want to hurt humans
but I can't help but feel like all the
creepy crawlies of Australia want humans
off it's yours yesterday and are bending
over backward
that happen does that make me paranoid
yes yes it does but that's a whole
different video hey if you learn
something new today please don't go out
and try it instead give the video a like
and share with a friend and here are
some other cool videos I think you'll
enjoy just click to the left or right
and remember stay on the bright side of
life